three o'clock in morning I was wide
awake and nobody else is awake I'm
fucking here I start here puts it right
behind what was it that I don't want to
mention that the same batteries are
freaking off and this thing is still
making noise so just Mountain move
niggas love is what I used to movie with
us to better get that thing watching
Harrison sure
wait see
maybe huh maybe fucking you understand
somebody for that this no this no I want
to keep you know kill it finally I don't
know the man good I guess snap its Nick
okay you know I really have to who kick
that thing in the face now look at it
vibrate you like Yuto
the space possessed
I
your wife
poor slick I cut the cord in still talk
cut them on see what happens now if this
was talking after all we're cordial
puffin we are getting we're burning it
I'm throwing away anything no we need to
burn me to salt it and burn it from you
know super I think you're gonna be like
holy water after II grab a water bottle
go to the nearest church is - I was
still talking
so is it the rub the red to power line
okay
the red is the preferable thing yeah
let's pick the Reds pair
you tell my hats doing that look this
sir you're completing a circuit yeah but
what if I touch it then let go look at
it's gonna plane that is true
all right prep the better eh yes I'm
going to die that's true this makes no
sense this toy defies the laws of
physics this is why I don't like monkeys
yeah yeah monkeys suck okay
I think the ghosts in this house
possessed that thing yeah I'm thinking
the same thing we brought one home back
from the trail you hear about that yeah
yeah
just fucking die already yeah I'm here
I'm gonna get someone does not make any
sense okay
hold this
the thing is look that way this thing is
broke off as a motor you broke it off
the motor
yeah I beat that thing meeting with the
mileage huh I would go up believe it and
the mountain still move how can the
mouth move when it's when it broke off
the end of it I have no idea
there you go good man hey what's enough
and the motor see this mouse to this
yeah see this mounts to this this will
control the monkey I hear I just wanna
dance on demo Paris traveling this movie
was awful here
actually how the hell was it even on
demo no no as it wasn't play yeah
not be working though this is the
torture I took all the better time all
the beds around tell me how I got back
in hold this magic think we have to stop
this soon cuz you might be going over
the time limit for YouTube yeah okay hmm
okay that is freaky okay this makes no
sense
you